Release 2.11.0 (#771)
nf-core/ampliseq: docs/output.md

#### Length filter

> Optionally, a length filter can be used to reduce potential contamination after ASV computation. For example with 515f and 806r primers the majority of 16S rRNA amplicon sequences should have a length of 253 bp and amplicons that vary significantly are likely spurious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, a length filter can be used to reduce potential contamination after ASV computation. For example with 515f and 806r primers the majority of 16S rRNA amplicon sequences should have a length of 253 bp and amplicons that differ significantly from this are likely spurious.
```
